Hi friends, which policy is the best, which
sum inshot should I take, which riders,
which company, these are the questions that
everyone asks me in my DMs, my
friends, relatives, everyone asks
me, so to answer all these questions,
I thought I will
youtube 3 best policy in the
market till now n Aspire
and then I will tell you whether it is there in this policy
or not, the first feature is room rent limit,
what does room rent limit mean, there are
no restrictions on your room, when if you get hospitalized, that is,
tomorrow if you are getting hospitalized
for any type of disease, any type of
hospitalization surgery, then there will be no limit on you,
you can take a single private AC room
or deluxe or twin sharing or
general word, you can take any room, the
choice will be on you, now let's see which
policy has room rent limit and which
policy does not have it, Niva b Aspire, there is no
room rent limit in this policy, that is,
you can take any room
ADFC  R Co Optima Secure: There is no
room rent limit in this policy.
ICICI Elevate:
If you do not take a rider,
you can book only a single private AC room. If you take a
rider, which is a room
type modification. If you take that, then
you are eligible for any room. There are no
room rent restrictions in all three policies. Let's move ahead.
Now, what is co-
payment? Co-payment is a
part payment
between you and the insurer. For example,
if you have a co-payment restriction of 20%, it
means you have to pay 20% of the entire bill from your pocket
and the company will pay 80%. Meaning, if
your bill is coming to ₹1 lakh, then the
company will pay 80,000 and the remaining 20,000 you have to pay
from your pocket. So, there should
never be any co-payment in your policy. Now, let's
see if there is co-payment in these three policies. There is
no co-payment in Niva Bappa Aspire.  Till any age,
your sum insured will be triggered on hdfcergo.com.
Let's take an example, if I
took a policy of 10 lakhs in the month of January, then this
policy will remain valid till next January. Now let's take a
similar example, if
you claimed ₹10 lakh out of 10 lakhs in July,
then logically you will have only
₹10 lakhs left till next January, but here the
restoration policy gets triggered and
you will get back ₹10 lakhs. If you are claiming again in August, then
you will get back ₹10 lakhs.
And this same person same illness should also be
covered. Let's see if
this is covered in all three policies or not. Solution:
In Aspire, unlimited number of restorations
with same person same illness is also covered
in hdfcergo.com policy. If we talk about Aspire, there
is maternity cover here, but there are some
limitations here. According to the sum insured,
your maternity  The cover varies,
maximum you will get it is 255000 per year
after 9 months of age. If we talk about ADFC Argo, then there is no
maternity
cover here. If we talk about ICICI Elevate, then there
is maternity cover here but
you will have to take a rider there only after that you will
get maternity cover. The cost of its rider
is a bit effective, so you should think carefully before
taking this rider. Consumable covers.
What does consume covers mean? Whatever your
non-consumable items are like gloves,
syringes, PP kit, masks, etc., are all these covered or
not. Let's see, if you take a rider in NV Air, if you
take Safeguard Plus rider, then all
these things are covered. There is
no need to take any rider in AACR, it is an
inbuilt rider, you do not need to pay separately for it.
Talking about Elevate, there
is a rider called Claim Protector here too. If you add it, then all
your consumable items will be covered. Now coming
to pre-impost hospitalization,
what does pre-en-post mean?
Before hospitalization, whatever doctor consultations we have,
any medicines we may have taken, all of them are
pre-hospitalization.
After the post-hospitalization, the doctor says that after 10 days
you have to visit us again and for all the
tests, he will ask you to do all the
diagnostic tests and all, so all those are
post-hospitalization. So, let's see
in all the three policies how much pre-
and post-hospitalization cover is there in which. Talking about Niva, Upa,
Aspire, here they have
pre- and post-hospitalization cover of 60 and 180 days.
Pre-
hospitalization is equal to 60 and post-
180 days. Similarly,
Elevate has the highest pre-
and post-hospitalization cover. Pre-hospitalization is
equal to 90 days and post-hospitalization is equal to
180 days. So, these are very few policies
in the market which have such a high pre-
hospitalization cover. No Claim Bonus:
What is No Claim Bonus? It is your sum assured
increase. If you do not make a claim, then
it is an extra loyalty benefit
which the company gives you. Let's see.
What is the no claim bonus in all the three policies? If we
talk about Aspire,
in Titanium variant your no claim bonus will go up
to a maximum of 10 times, which means if
I am taking a policy of 10 lakhs, then it will
go up to a maximum of 1 cr. Similarly, if we
talk about ADAC or Optima Secure, then the maximum of 10
lakhs policy will be 40 lakhs. Aaaa
No claim bonus is one of the biggest
USP points in Elevate. If you have a rider like Power Booster,
if you take that rider, then
your sum assured will increase every year,
whether you make a claim or not, it does
not matter. 10 lakhs 20 20 30 30
40 50 60 As I had
also told in my last features that the USP of this product is that there is no
limit in your no claim bonus.
Now let's come to day procedures.
What does day procedures mean? Any
hospitalization in which 24 hours of
hospitalization is not mandated. So
all those are called day procedures in which
You will be admitted in two-three hours, the surgery will be done
and the doctor will leave you at home.
Let's take an example, from which seconds the
surgeries are done, like if you have cataract or
kidney stone, all these surgeries will be done
in two-three hours and you will be
left at home. So let's see whether
these day procedures are covered in all the three policies or
not. If we talk about Niva B Aspire, then
all the day procedures
are covered here. If we talk about ADA Sir Co Optima Secure, then all the day
care procedures are covered here too.
And if we talk about ICICI Elevate, then all the
day care
procedures are covered here too. Talking about extra features, there is one
special thing in each of the three policies, on
which we will look. If we
talk about NPA Aspire, then one of the
best benefits in it is Lock the Clock, which means that till
you do not make a claim, your premium will remain the same, it will
not increase. You will
get a cover of Rs. 20 lakh from HDFC0000001. If we
talk about ICICI Elevate, then in this  The
cover of 10 lakh will be multiplied every year
which is a no claim bonus which is called
power
booster. If we take that rider then
every year it will be 10, 20, 30, 40, 50, 60,
70 maximum. There is no cap on this. It will
go up to 2 crore, 3 crore, 10 lakh
and its relative to the claim will never decrease.
Now let's see the premium comparison.
If my age is 30 and I live in Mumbai, then
what will be my premium in all the three policies. Let's first talk about n
bp11 in the same policy
hdfc0001225. If I take II to Elevate then it will be
₹124. So the lowest if I
do premium wise comparison then the lowest will be
in III Lord Elevate but in III Elevate you will have to
take a lot of riders. So you should
compare the riders one by one and take the riders and only then
purchase this policy. Now let's come to the
conclusion.  Which policy should be taken?
We have seen the benefits of all three policies. Keeping an
eye on all three policies, let us see
what is the USP in which policy and which policy should we
take. First of all, let us talk about Niva
Bappa Aspire. Here
you will get maternity benefit from nine months only. This
is the only policy in the market in which
you will get maternity cover only after nine months.
Talking about the second benefit, there
is lock the clock in the air in which your
premium will remain locked until you make a claim.
Third, if we talk about the benefit,
here in the booster benefit you will get
multiplied up to 10 times. Meaning, a
policy of Rs 10 lakh will go up to 1 crore in maximum 10 years.
So you will get a cover of Rs 20 lakh from day one.
Second,
hdfc0cpdccb and the unique benefit is
your power booster. Power booster means whatever is
your sum insured, it will keep doubling every year.
In respect of whether you make a claim
or not, that means today I  I am taking a policy of Rs 10 lakh.
After 20 years from today,
it will become worth Rs 2 crore and after 10 years it will become worth Rs
30-3 crore. So this is also a
great unique benefit. The
second unique benefit
of ICICI Elevate in this policy is that
you will also get a civil discount here, meaning if your
civil score is good, then you can get a
discount of up to 15%. The second benefit in ICICI
Elevate is inflating the sum insured
relative to your sum
insured. Meaning, if you
take a power booster rider in a policy of Rs 10 lakh, then after 2 years your
sum insured will be Rs 30 lakh. But
if you have a claim of Rs 50 lakh in the fourth year, then the
company will give you the entire Rs 50 lakh. The
biggest drawback in this policy is
unlimited number of restorations for the same
person, same illness cover after 45 days. Meaning,
if I am getting admitted today for cancer
and after discharge,
if I have to get admitted again after a week, then
I cannot be in for cancer, if I am in for
cancer then I will not get that claim
because in this policy cancer
means same person same illness will be
covered only after 45 days so this is the biggest
drawback in this policy if we compare it with
HDFC it will be 60 lakhs but it will not
increase beyond this, if we
talk about its competitors in nair this
policy of 10 lakhs will become 1 crore in 10 years
and in ICICI Lord Elevate there
is no limit here, that means
policy of 10 lakhs will become 2 crores in next 20 years
so how did you like this
video, in this video we have
compared all the three policies in depth and have
told what benefits are there in which policy and
what are not there,
you can definitely consider all these three policies while
buying a health insurance policy for you as well as
for your family you should
ask a good advisor as to
what riders should be taken and what should not be
taken in which policy  How did you like this comparison
video? Stay tuned to see more such videos and
subscribe to our channel.